Quantower
Ctrl
K
Quantower Website
Welcome to Quantower Help
🚀
Getting Started
⚙️
General Settings
🔗
Connections
💡
Analytics Panels
💵
Trading Panels
💼
Portfolio Panels
📊
Information Panels
📌
Miscellaneous
🤖
Quantower Algo
💫
Customization
⁉️
FAQ
UPDATES & RELEASE NOTES
Release Notes
Platform update
Quantower Beta
HELP & TROUBLESHOOTING
Backup & restore manager
Reset settings to default
You have found a bug. What’s next?
BILLING & PAYMENTS
Payment FAQ
“Coinpayments” payment
Referral Program
Powered by GitBook
ON THIS PAGE
There are 4 simple steps to start earning by inviting your friends to Quantower:
Referral Program Details:
For the complete documentation index, see llms.txt. This page is also available as Markdown.
Copy
Billing & Payments
Referral Program

Quantower Referral Program — mutually-beneficial partnership, between us and our customers. Start earning real money right now.


Our Referral Program allows you to earn real money, that can be spent on buying the Quantower licenses or even be withdrawn on demand. The earning process is simple: you receive 15% from each purchase sum of your referral. We can increase % depending on our own view!

Your referral (the person you invited) must register an account in our license system Through Your Link! Otherwise, he will not be counted as your referral.

If your referral created a new account (or changed email) without your referral link, then his purchases will not be counted in your payments

How does Quantower Referral Program work?
There are 4 simple steps to start earning by inviting your friends to Quantower:

Get a link with your code. Any registered customer of Quantower can find its referral code from within the personal account page (https://accounts.quantower.com) 
You will be able to copy the full referral link to start sharing immediately.

Start inviting. Share your referral link with your friends, partners, and via your social networks. Everyone who signs up using your link will become your referral and start bringing your earnings.

Get earnings. Each time your referral purchase one or multiple Quantower licenses — you earn 15% from the payment sum, including any discounts.

Expand your network. The more you share, the more you earn. Continue sharing your referral link with your network to keep the earnings coming.

Referral Program Details:

To withdraw earnings, you must meet two conditions: first, you must have a minimum of $50 in your account. Secondly, you must have referred at least three individuals to the program.

To ask for withdrawal or payment in honor of a personal Quantower license, please contact Quantower Support via live chat on the official website, email info@quantower.com, telegram chat.

All customers can participate, and each customer can invite as many friends as they want! There is no limit to the number of referrals one account can have.

Customers cannot invite themselves to earn rewards using multiple accounts. Once this behavior has been detected, you will be disqualified from the Referral Program and all unpaid earned or accrued referral rewards will be canceled immediately.

Customers cannot invite accounts owned or controlled by existing customers. Once this behavior has been detected, you will be disqualified from the Referral Program and all unpaid earned or accrued referral rewards will be canceled immediately.

Quantower reserves the right to modify the rules or rewards of this Referral Program at any point by publishing an updated set of program information.

Last updated 1 year ago

This site uses cookies to deliver its service and to analyze traffic. By browsing this site, you accept the privacy policy.

Accept
Reject