Quantower
Ctrl
K
Quantower Website
Welcome to Quantower Help
🚀
Getting Started
⚙️
General Settings
🔗
Connections
💡
Analytics Panels
💵
Trading Panels
💼
Portfolio Panels
📊
Information Panels
📌
Miscellaneous
🤖
Quantower Algo
💫
Customization
⁉️
FAQ
UPDATES & RELEASE NOTES
Release Notes
Platform update
Quantower Beta
HELP & TROUBLESHOOTING
Backup & restore manager
Reset settings to default
You have found a bug. What’s next?
BILLING & PAYMENTS
Payment FAQ
“Coinpayments” payment
Referral Program
Powered by GitBook
ON THIS PAGE
Why isn't PayPal, or similar international payment gateways available as payment methods for Quantower?
Declined to card issuer
WayForPay verification email
3D Secure
What is an alternative?
For the complete documentation index, see llms.txt. This page is also available as Markdown.
Copy
Billing & Payments
Payment FAQ

While the process of purchasing the Quantower license is pretty straightforward, there are some questions that can occur while the payment.

Why isn't PayPal, or similar international payment gateways available as payment methods for Quantower?

As you might know, Quantower LLC is a Ukrainian company that is situated in Ukraine and operates under the Ukrainian legislation. As for now, PayPal and similar payment gateways don't provide business accounts in Ukraine, that is why we have to use one of the payment processors from Ukraine (WayForPay). Currently, we are working on having a representative in the USA that should allow us to process payments via the popular payment gateways.

UPD: Stripe can be used as an alternative payment gateway.

Declined to card issuer

The WayForPay company is not a popular payment gateway in the internationally, that is why many banks don't allow transactions from their accounts to WayForPay automatically without previous verification. That is why, sometimes, you can pay for a Quantower license but your payment stays unfinished and the license won’t grant for your account.

If this issue occurs, you should contact your bank support and ask them to allow the money transactions to WayForPay, and once they do this — you will be able to pay without this problem further. 

WayForPay verification email

As a part of an internal anti-fraud system, WayForPay service can ask you to verify your person via an email letter. This procedure occurs only once, and when you’ve got an email asking about the verification that was really you, who initiated the payment for the Quantower license, you need to provide the requested materials to finish the transaction. 

3D Secure

According to the international regulations, the WayForPay service requires a 3D Secure verification during the payment for extra fraud protection. Typically, you will be redirected to an authentication page on your bank’s website, and need to enter a password associated with the card or a code sent to your phone. This process is familiar to customers through the card networks’ brand names, such as Visa Secure and Mastercard Identity Check.

What is an alternative?

In case you can’t or don’t want to deal with the WayForPay service, you may also try the Coinpayments service, which is another option of payment for the Quantower license. This service is mostly for crypto-transactions but it also supports fiat payments. 

For those who are willing to purchase the Lifetime license, there is another alternative of payment — the wire transfer.

In conclusion, we must say that there are no dead ends in this question, and we are always open to assist you with getting yourself the premium features of Quantower. Just contact us in any suitable way and we are sure that we will find the right payment solution for you.


Last updated 2 years ago

This site uses cookies to deliver its service and to analyze traffic. By browsing this site, you accept the privacy policy.

Accept
Reject